This directory contains versioned update files. An update should only be made available if it doesn't break too many things. Given a MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH version (e.g. 1.30.1):

Current versioning (flagging breaking changes by incrementing MINOR):

    changes in MAJOR always require a new update file
    changes in MINOR require a new update file if its most-significant digit is incremented e.g. 1.60.0 -> 1.70.0
    changes in PATCH never require a new update file

Future versioning (semantic versioning):

    changes in MAJOR always require a new update file
    changes in MINOR or PATCH never require a new update file

Prior to version 1.71.0, each new "epoch" of compatible PMS releases - e.g. 1.50.0, 1.50.1, 1.51.0 &c. - required a dedicated update file. This required a great deal of (easily overlooked) manual maintenance and resulted in a proliferation of update files, many of which were never used/updated as their associated release never received a PATCH update.

As of 1.71.0, a new update file - latest_version.properties - has been created. It is a "dumb" file which simply lists the version of the latest PMS release and its download URL (currently automatic updates are only supported on Windows). The decision to update or not is now handled entirely in the code. As a result, latest_version.properties should be the last version of this file i.e. all future updates should be reflected in this file and there should be no need to add a latest_version_2.properties &c. as was previously required.

The code that determines whether the current version of PMS is compatible with the latest version is implemented in Version.isPmsCompatible. If this logic changes (e.g. if MAJOR rather than MINOR is the "breaking" number), this code will need to be updated.

Notes:

The updater gracefully handles missing files and network errors.

Old update files should not be removed without discussion. It may make sense to remove obsolete files in a future release.

The update file's URL is defined by UPDATE_SERVER_URL in src/main/java/net/pms/configuration/Build.java.
